stunted Muscovite supercar turned
Odessa residents so called heel
which used to carry loaves of comfort
now there is no limo, but here
I don’t know so much work
did not repeat 2 for any money
supercar was created based on the popular
cargo and passenger Izh 2715
released in a series of 42 years ago this
the model received two folk
nicknames heels for body shape and
pie due to the fact that such
car in most often transported
bakery products
a couple of such vehicles Gregory
Avietians used for its intended purpose
delivery loaves for there and when there
bakery in a rural shop
and the third pie leaves the garage in
exceptionally rare cases only for
to numerous family guests
appreciate all its grandeur cheshire here
all reduced
the battery of three do not shout here these
water barrels and cool even here
motors that
plastic their lake zheleiku this already
not tuning is a technical revolution in
individual car essentially had to
reinvent the patty be fitted
five-speed gearbox and
window lifters precision pulled 2
millimeter thread for
air intake
as well as manually bending the wheel you think
what to put here such a steering wheel is necessary here
the same place a little small hand so that he
all somehow look and not teresa
handles oak right here love right there
here's another question is how below eternal
the pipe is this inch exactly twist
Large 250-260 degrees so that he does not sleep
tire brand Izhevsk Automobile Plant
master engraved on many details
even where Soviet developers
stigma not put and crowned hood
statues eagle powers
Smelted from small Russian coins
between the cab and the body partition from
tinted glass if desired
passengers can communicate with the driver or
on the contrary to be completely isolated
passengers for their convenience body
million death equipped difficult it was
suggest that inside the pie
will be so spacious and by the way
comfortable leather seat upholstered
and Mutko people's car
turned into a salon top class work
on where it will be literally finished
the other day
it remains a few strokes to bring
Muscovite luxury to perfection despite
painstaking work yet Gregory
part with his brainchild really here
same adds never agree to
sentence
and honestly collectors want it
art belonged to all the boards and know
Moscow and
Russian Ferry Car Museum play there
where all the vip machines that were produced
they may stand there and put it in there
until something patty took place in
museum halls in the car with pleasure
spends time two granddaughters wizard alen
Vinnichenko Pavel Silin Channel One
Odessa